BD-3735 Add IAM templates (#8599)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/drag_and_drop/templates/seasonal_promo.md

---
nav_title: Seasonal Promotion with Image
article_title: Seasonal Promotion with Background Image
alias: "/seasonal_promotion/"
page_order: 8
description: "This page covers how to use the in-app message drag-and-drop editor to promote a seasonal offer or deal to drive user engagement."
---

# Seasonal promotion with background image

> Use the in-app message drag-and-drop editor to promote a seasonal offer or deal to drive user engagement.

{% multi_lang_include drag_and_drop/templates.md section='SDK requirements' %}

# Creating a seasonal promotion with a background image

> When creating a drag-and-drop in-app message, select **Seasonal promotion with background image** for your template, then select **Build message**. This template is supported for both mobile apps and web browsers.

Reviewer: i'm honestly not sure on the technical specifications of this (i'll do some more digging and update this thread later), but would it make more sense to say:

```suggestion
When creating a drag-and-drop in-app message, select **Seasonal promotion with background image** for your template, then select **Build message**. This template supports both mobile apps and web browsers.
```

![The in-app message editor with a side menu for customizing the button element.][img2]

You can also add additional messages to your product announcement in the **Pages** section, and then link them together for a sequential flow. For example, you can put together a sequence of messages that briefly describe the product's capabilities and end with button that takes users to the product page. Learn how to do that in [Connect pages together]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/drag_and_drop/create/?tab=adding%20pages#step-3a-connect-pages-together).

## Step 3: Style your message

Customize the look and feel of your seasonal promotion using the drag-and-drop [in-app message components][3]. Add your own background image by replacing the default background image URL in the **Message container** menu or remove the URL and select your image from the [Media Library]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/templates_and_media/media_library/).

![The in-app message editor with a side menu for selecting the background image.][img3]

> ## Reporting

Author: ```suggestion
## Analyzing the results
```
